>> Kyle Simpson: All right, well,
we're back to talk about the solution
to this this-heavy exercise.
Hopefully your fingers are not too
worn out from typing this dot and
.bind all over the place.
So as the read me indicated,
what we wanna do is we wanna reorient from
the define workshop function making our
object, and define our own objects.
So in a way,
we really just need to copy all of
these functions that exist down here.
We need to copy all of them, and
put them into an object literal.
So I'll just start doing that.
I'll say deepJS = an object literal.
And then I'll just put all of
my functions directly in here.
And in addition to that,
I'm going to turn all of these
into the concise method form, because
I don't wanna do property assignments.
So give me just a moment
while I wire all these up.
There's a lot of functions here,
aren't there?
>> Kyle Simpson: All right, so we're gonna
need commas in between all of them, so
don't forget that.
>> Kyle Simpson: That is one nice
part about the class syntax,
is not having to deal with
the commas everywhere.
I will give them that,
that was a good decision.
All right, so let's take out function.
And I'm just gonna do that with a replace.
>> Kyle Simpson: Put that one back.
>> Kyle Simpson: [COUGH] Okay, now we need
to put the properties currentEnrollment
and studentRecords,
we need to put those on there.
So we'll have currentEnrollment,
>> Kyle Simpson: Is an empty array.
And studentRecords is an empty array.
And now we need to start throwing
in all our this dots everywhere.
So anyplace that we reference a property
that we were referencing lexically as
a variable, or when we reference
a function that's now a method,
it needs a this dot in front of it.
So I'm just gonna write a lot of this
dots over and over and over again.
this.currentEnrollment.
And then this.printRecords,
with this.currentEnrollment.
And this.currentEnrollment.
And this.paidStudents.
And this.print.
And this.remind.
And this.currentEnrollment.
And this.studentRecords.
matchId is an actual function in here,
it doesn't need a this dot.
this.getsStudentFromId.
And then this dot, nope, not records, but
this.sortByNameAsc and this.printRecord.
And none of those needed this dot,
none of those.
And this dot, and this dot,
and this.getStudentId.
And this.currentEnrollment.
Anybody tired of typing and
seeing this dot in front of everything?
This is a very verbose style of coding.
[COUGH] We need this.notYetPaid.
And this.printRecords.
And this.getStudentFromId.
Now we need to take care of any places
where we have method references that need
to be hardbound.
So let's go back through and
find any methods that are getting
passed in as callbacks.
That's not a method that's a property,
so that's fine.
That's fine, that's fine, that one's fine.
That one's okay.
Here we go, this.getStudentFromId,
that's a method.
So it's gonna lose its this binding,
so we need a dot bind this.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then same thing here,
sorting with the sortByName and
then printing with printRecord.
Those need to be bound.
And then another one,
needToEnroll needs to be bound.
And getStudentId needs to be bound,
and,
>> Kyle Simpson: notYetPaid needs to be
bound.
And that should be it.
Okay, so
let's get rid of that factory function,
cuz we're very much done with that now.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now that
we have this deepJS object,
these calls should basically be the same.
So if we were to run this code, we should
still end up getting the same printout.
So this was just an implementation change,
not an outside change.
So let's just try,
>> Kyle Simpson: Running
over here in our RunJS environment.
>> Kyle Simpson: Uh-oh,
I made a mistake, where did I call?
Yeah, I forgot,
can't call defineWorkshop like that, oops.
So let me go back.
>> Kyle Simpson: Have to take that out and
put a semicolon there.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now
let's see if that works.
>> Kyle Simpson: And there we go,
there's our printout.
>> Kyle Simpson: So questions on
our refactoring to that this aware
style of coding, this namespace pattern?
>> Speaker 2: I guess given the kind of
object design, object create pattern,
would you pragmatically
expect to have namespaced
objects with this many
methods in your own practice?
Or would you try to break it down further?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, I mean, generally
speaking, if I'm gonna create an object,
like a namespaced kind of a thing,
the only reason I'm gonna go that approach
instead of going the module approach is
because I know I have two or three objects
that I want to link through a prototype
chain and have them work with each other.
So I'm gonna try to have those objects
have their properly separated out
behaviors rather than having one
giant thing with the kitchen sink of
everything in it.
I'm gonna try these three separate
objects that each do their own thing and
they virtually compose
through that call context.
Okay, well, that hopefully was a bit
enlightening on the this-aware coding,
and some of the problems
that you can run into.
They're not just with asynchronous
callbacks and event handlers,
even those callbacks that you
pass into things like array.map,
you have to worry about the this binding.
So you need to be careful.
I would say on the whole the amount of
bind usage that I had to do here was
on the borderline to where I would have
said, this style of coding is not useful.
It certainly was very verbose to put
this dot in front of everything.
And I probably would have
favored the module pattern for
this particular kind of code, yes?
>> Speaker 3: What's the rule for
binding this?
Cuz sometimes it's using it and
sometimes it isn't.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah,
that's actually a good question.
So there's a couple of places.
I'm glad you brought that up,
there's a couple of places I should have
gone back and said,
do we actually need it?
So for example, the sortByName,
we don't need it because it doesn't make
a reference to a this dot in front of it.
So here, that was actually unnecessary,
and the same thing with printRecord.
It was unnecessary there because we
don't have any this references in it.
So in order words,
the answer to your question is,
you only need to bind this if
the method is a this-aware function.
We have a few functions on here
that are on the namespace but
are not this-aware, and so
they don't need a binding.